README.md, before:

https://www.datacamp.com/blog/60-python-projects-for-all-levels-expertise
precentral map generation - https://medium.com/inspired-to-program-%E3%85%82-%D9%88-%CC%91%CC%91/procedural-generation-in-python-7b75127b2f74

https://pypi.org/project/license-plate-recognition/
https://python-graph-gallery.com/312-add-markers-on-folium-map/
https://pypi.org/project/image2gps/#description

difficulty = 1,2,3,5,8,13,21,34

| **Idea**                                                                                                      | **Difficulty/Rating** |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------- |
| Flip image tool with gui                                                                                      | 3                     |
| Todo list app                                                                                                 | 5                     |
| drawing app with gui                                                                                          | 5                     |
| use pygame to make snake                                                                                      | 8                     |
| Python pdf manager                                                                                            | 8                     |
| Chess game                                                                                                    | 8                     |
| web scraper to compare price between woolworths and coles (beautiful soup)                                    | 8                     |
| Book finder app                                                                                               | 8                     |
| recipe app (using a database)                                                                                 | 8                     |
| Elevator class with graphic                                                                                   | 8                     |
| Diamond Prices Data Analysis                                                                                  | 8                     |
| Classify Song Genres from Audio Data                                                                          | 8                     |
| Human benchmarks scripts                                                                                      | 13                    |
| Handwritten Character Recognition                                                                             | 13                    |
| Face Detection in Images                                                                                      | 13                    |
| Shopping list where it checks if product is on sale, where its cheapest                                       | 21                    |
| Takes image cords and place a pin on that location on a map                                                   | 21                    |
| Web app shows shapes and solves for parts                                                                     | 34                    |
| Real-time license plate recognition                                                                           | 34                    |
| procedural map generation                                                                                     | 34                    |
| Take licence plate data from an image, and using an API, return the make and model (might need to web scrape) | 34                    |

Commit message:

Add new projects and update README.md

README.md, after:

# Aleksandir's Micro Projects

This repo holds many small projects that do not require their own. Most are written as a way to learn Python and many associated libraries.

If any tutorials were used, you will find the link to the tutorial in a comment at the top of the file. If you have any questions, feel free to contact me.

Below are some links to future projects I would like to do, as well as some ideas I have had. I am always open to suggestions for new projects, so feel free to contact me with any ideas you have. I will also be adding more projects to this list as I think of them.

They are ordered by difficulty using the Fibonacci sequence so that I can easily pick a project to work on based on how much time I have. As I complete projects, I will remove them from the table.

**Project ideas** - https://www.datacamp.com/blog/60-python-projects-for-all-levels-expertise

**precentral map generation** - https://medium.com/inspired-to-program-%E3%85%82-%D9%88-%CC%91%CC%91/procedural-generation-in-python-7b75127b2f74


**License plate recognition** - https://pypi.org/project/license-plate-recognition/

**Interactive map** - https://python-graph-gallery.com/312-add-markers-on-folium-map/
https://pypi.org/project/image2gps/#description

difficulty = 1,2,3,5,8,13,21,34

| **Idea**                                                                                                      | **Difficulty/Rating** |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------- |
| Flip image tool with gui                                                                                      | 3                     |
| Todo list app                                                                                                 | 5                     |
| drawing app with gui                                                                                          | 5                     |
| use pygame to make snake                                                                                      | 8                     |
| Python pdf manager                                                                                            | 8                     |
| Chess game                                                                                                    | 8                     |
| web scraper to compare price between woolworths and coles (beautiful soup)                                    | 8                     |
| Book finder app                                                                                               | 8                     |
| recipe app (using a database)                                                                                 | 8                     |
| Elevator class with graphic                                                                                   | 8                     |
| Diamond Prices Data Analysis                                                                                  | 8                     |
| Classify Song Genres from Audio Data                                                                          | 8                     |
| Human benchmarks scripts                                                                                      | 13                    |
| Handwritten Character Recognition                                                                             | 13                    |
| Face Detection in Images                                                                                      | 13                    |
| Shopping list where it checks if product is on sale, where its cheapest                                       | 21                    |
| Takes image cords and place a pin on that location on a map                                                   | 21                    |
| Web app shows shapes and solves for parts                                                                     | 34                    |
| Real-time license plate recognition                                                                           | 34                    |
| procedural map generation                                                                                     | 34                    |
| Take licence plate data from an image, and using an API, return the make and model (might need to web scrape) | 34                    |
